-When the game starts, the player will choose a character by clicking on the fighter's picture. The player will fight as that character for the rest of the game.
  Document Start Up (
    Set Vars
    -Each character in the game has 3 attributes: Health Points, Attack Power and Counter Attack Power.
      HP
      AP
      CAP
    Player chooses character
      Create clickable items:
        Char 1
        Char 2
        Char 3
        Char 4
          Within each Char item:
            if clicked,
              assign that char as a "player"; //player stays same for the rest of the game
              assign other chars as "enemies";
            start game function
              -Enemy is moved to a defender area.
                if character is alive

                  if enemy 1 2 and 3 are alive
                    give character max health
                    give enemy 1 max health
                    place character in character spot
                    place enemy 1 in enemy spot
                    -The player will now be able to click the attack button.
                      function attack()
                  if enemy 1 is dead
                    -When the defender's HP is reduced to zero or below, remove the enemy from the defender area. 
                      move enemy 1 to a hidden div or remove him???
                    give character max health
                    give enemy 2 max health
                    place character in character spot
                    place enemy 2 in enemy spot
                   -The player will now be able to click the attack button.
                      function attack()
                  if enemy 1 and 2 are dead
                      -When the defender's HP is reduced to zero or below, remove the enemy from the defender area. 
                        move enemy 1 to a hidden div or remove him???
                    give character max health
                    give enemy 3 max health
                    place character in character spot
                    place enemy 3 in enemy spot
                    -The player will now be able to click the attack button.
                      function attack()
                -The player wins the game by defeating all enemy characters.
                  if enemy 1 2 and 3 are dead
                    you win
                -The player loses the game the game if their character's HP falls to zero or below.
                else
                  you lose
      -whenever the player clicks attack, their character damages the defender. 
        Attack function{
          specified number - defender's hp
          -The opponent will lose HP (health points). These points are displayed at the bottom of the defender's picture.  
          display new hp
          -The opponent character will instantly counter the attack.
          specified number - player hp
          - When that happens, the player's character will lose some of their HP. These points are shown at the bottom of the player character's picture.
          display new hp
        }
 

-The player will keep hitting the attack button in an effort to defeat their opponent.
  ?????




// Not sure if I want to change these game mechanics just yet Get First Half working 
//Each time the player attacks, their character's Attack Power increases by its base Attack Power.

//For example, if the base Attack Power is 6, each attack will increase the Attack Power by 6 (12, 18, 24, 30 and so on).
//The enemy character only has Counter Attack Power.

//Unlike the player's Attack Points, Counter Attack Power never changes.
//The Health Points, Attack Power and Counter Attack Power of each character must differ.

//No characters in the game can heal or recover Health Points.

//A winning player must pick their characters wisely by first fighting an enemy with low Counter Attack Power. This will allow them to grind Attack Power and to take //on enemies before they lose all of their Health Points. Healing options would mess with this dynamic.
//Your players should be able to win and lose the game no matter what character they choose. The challenge should come from picking the right enemies, not choosing 
//the strongest player.